c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\WPFDemoUI.exe.config
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\WPFDemoUI.exe
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\WPFDemoUI.pdb
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\DemoLibrary.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\DemoLibrary.pdb
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.xml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\WPFDemoUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.g.cs
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\WPFDemoUI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\WPFDemoUI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.baml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\WPFDemoUI.g.resources
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\WPFDemoUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\WPFDemoUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\WPFDemoUI.exe
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoUI\obj\Debug\WPFDemoUI.pdb
