c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.g.cs
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\Views\ShellView.baml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid.exe
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid.pdb
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid.exe.config
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid.exe
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid.pdb
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\DemoLibrary.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\DemoLibrary.pdb
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.Core.xml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid.g.resources
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\biplabks\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NETProjects\WPFDemoDataGrid\obj\Debug\WPFDemoDataGrid.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
